I'll go first then.
Brother Shouzhen, don't go
Master Hongyuan said that there are big demons nearby
What will happen to my sister and I if you leave?
Jingyang girl
I really can't agree to your marriage.
Xia Shoucheng said you were fat and you were still breathing
My daughters are beautiful
If you like you, it will give you face.
You picked me instead
Okay, let's see if you still have some skills
You can stay
There's no escape.
Hey, you little girl is too unreasonable, right?
Sis, are you jealous?
i
Well, I don't want to tell you this.
butler
Clean up the empty room next to mine
Live for Mr. Zhang
I oops
You all give me a chance to refuse, no?
bad luck
So unlucky
Principal Sun, what kind of bad idea do you have?
Okay now
This city guard is not dead
It also made me lose the backer of Master Hongyuan
Ah!
waste
You half-life unfavorable waste
How did you become like this?
How to look like a centipede
Don't point to me don't point to me don't point to me what are you arguing about
It's still useful for me to keep you
I want you to arrest Zhang Shoucheng
Only by eating the demonic power of Zhang Shoucheng himself
To hit the top
Hahahahahaha
You have nothing to be afraid of.
The old man is just that Daochang Sun spent a big flag
The centipede spirit released from the Temple of Heaven Mountain
Unfortunately, it was suppressed by the Heavenly Array for 300 years
Waist strength weakens
This requires borrowing his body to nourish
Tian Yi called the centipede spirit of suppression
That is, a monster like the ancestor 300 years ago
Cut the crap
As long as you take Zhang Shouchen's body
The old man will lose his skills
If you dare to disobey this old man
I can kill you now hahaha no
How dare I disobey you?
Hey, that Zhang Zhang
He stole my woman
It also made me lose the backer of my missing beauty
I will kill him
Hahahaha
Very good, only thanks to Zhang Shoucheng's blood
Laofu Chemistry is just around the corner
By then, if anyone dares to touch us
I want him dead.